Mr. Qin
What does Mr. Qin want to play today?
The little hoof is itchy again
today
Let the person opposite walk
Are you good at walking?
I'm not bad
Do you have a chance?
It's finally a chance to kill you
Why did you do it?
I trusted you so much
Trusting you destroyed my family
I can't help but wish I could eat your flesh and blood
Professional Tyrant Relatives
Who is it?
Have you seen the jade at home?
Where am I?
I have traveled through
The life of the emperor
The minister is located in Qin Yuan, the eldest prince
Assign the prime minister to the motherland
co-construction design
To fly
You dare to commit suicide
You puppet
You delusional emperor
fool
Don't let the position protect yourself
Let go of me, I was committed suicide as soon as I crossed
This emperor is really trash, dare to provoke me
Really courting death
It smells good.